c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\FootballZoneMVC4.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\FootballZoneMVC4.pdb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Json.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.Common.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Json.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.Common.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\obj\Debug\FootballZoneMVC4.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\obj\Debug\FootballZoneMVC4.pdb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\FootballZone.DAL.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\FootballZone.DAL.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.Data.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.Data.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.Data.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.Data.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.Data.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\pc\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.Data.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\obj\Debug\FootballZoneMVC4.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\obj\Debug\FootballZoneMVC4.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\FootballZoneMVC4.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\FootballZoneMVC4.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\FootballZone.DAL.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Json.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.Common.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.Data.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.Data.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.Data.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\FootballZone.DAL.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Json.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.Common.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.Data.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.Data.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.Data.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\FootballZoneMVC4\FootballZoneMVC4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
